hi everyone I'm Jen from Lockwood I'm
going to walk you through the host cab
mini game this game is featured in the
new Prairie expansion for PlayStation
Home the expansion includes a ranch
apartment and a saloon clubhouse both
feature the game different rewards can
be earned in I love these spaces and
we're also adding new rewards to the
Prairie public space so be sure to check
those out here we are in the ranch
apartment space let's head over to the
main stable area to play the horse camp
minigame if you are an owner of the
apartment or clubhouse you can walk up
to any of the six stables to activate
the game here we have a load of horses
to choose from you may notice that some
of these horses can't be selected these
are locked but you can buy these from
the Lockwood store select the horse
you'd like and it will be placed within
the stable
let's pick Henry now we have a bunch of
activities that we can do with our horse
we can feed a group pet sit on right and
even muck out the stables to keep Henry
from getting too dirty let's feed Henry
I'll pick some sugar cubes after feeding
him he'll a munch away until it's
finished
or until you choose a stop every time
you complete an activity you have to
wait a while before you can do it again
great now let's grab him to keep him
looking sharp right I think he looks
great let's back out and do some polls
ready use your host right around explore
the space and enjoy the clean country
air if you have a horse in a stable and
you would like to remove it or pick
another one just go to the select stable
menu and move down to the no horse icon
this option is only visible to the owner
of the space guests can interact with
any horse in your stable if a guest is
interacting with a horse you can still
remove or change the horse and this will
exit your guests from the mini-game if
you are an owner of the apartment or
clubhouse there are tons of nice rewards
you can earn and discover you can
discover different rewards and goodies
in the clubhouse the apartment and the
public space so be sure to check all
those up thanks for watching everyone we
hope you enjoy the new Prairie expansion